I have now had the chance to review the status certificate received from Toronto Standard Condominium Plan No. 2346. There are no issues or concerns with the status certificate.

 

I would just draw your attention to the following:

 

The Corporation has confirmed that the legal description of the property is Unit 3, Level 8 (suite), Unit 68, Level B (locker) Toronto Standard Condominium Corporation No. 2346. The Municipal address for the property is Suite 803, 352 Front Street West, Toronto, Ontario.
 

Please ensure that the legal description of the unit in the Agreement of Purchase and Sale matches the one in the status certificate.
 

The Status Certificate provides that the vendor is not in default on the payment of the common expenses.
 

The monthly common expenses amount for the unit is $428.72 with the next payment being due on November 1, 2021. Please note that you will need to provide a pre-authorized payment form to the Corporation after closing.
 

If any of the utilities are separately metered, you will have to contact the service providers prior to closing to set up your accounts.
 

The corporation’s fiscal year end is November 30. Please note that the common expenses may increase at the start of the next fiscal year due to usual budgetary adjustments.
 

The Corporation’s reserve fund, as of September 30, 2021, was $3,873,901.84 (unaudited).
 

The condominium corporation is required by law to complete a Reserve Fund Study regularly. According to the Status Certificate, the latest Reserve Fund Study was completed in December 2020. The next Reserve Fund Study should be completed prior to December 2023. The contributions to the reserve fund (and thus, by extension, the common expenses) may increase based on the recommendations of the reserve fund study.
 

I am not in a position to comment on the adequacy of the reserve fund. However, the Corporation anticipates that the reserve fund will be adequate in the current fiscal year. Similarly, I cannot comment on the Budget Statement provided by the Corporation and would recommend that you have the same reviewed by your financial advisor, if necessary.
 

Based on the last Reserve Fund study, the average contributions to the reserve fund, per unit per month is as follows: $3.67 for 2020, $3.78 for 2021 and $3.88 for 2022.
 

There are no outstanding judgements against the Corporation.
 

The corporation is not party to any proceedings before a court of law, an arbitrator or an administrative tribunal. However, the corporation has given notice that there is a potential claim which the corporation may need to bring against AG Energy Co-operative with regard to certain contracts which were entered into and which the corporation alleges were fraudulent.
 

The unit is not subject to agreements relating to additions, alterations or improvements made to the common elements. However, please note that the corporation has not carried out an inspection. It is your responsibility to ensure that the seller has not made any changes to the common elements or the unit without the authorization of the condominium.
 

Kindly review the Condominium’s declaration and by-law/rules as you will be required to comply with the same.
 